Hi everyone, welcome to this episode of Chic!
Today I want to show you a springtime make
up look that I`ve created with the new products
from the Dr.Hauschka LE Chorus. I`ve started
with a nice pink blush and now I`m going to
apply some concealer to small blemishes. Create
a healthy glow by adding some highlighter
to the top your cheekbones and cupids bow.
Next we move on to the eyes! For this look
I`m using an eyeshadow duo from Dr.Hauschka.
Apply the light shadow from the palette over
the inner half of your eyelid. Apply with
a damp brush the darker colour to the outer
corner of your eyelid. This will amp up the
pigmentation of
the eyeshadow. Use an eye pencil to accentuate
your lash line. For mascara, I`m using the
Dr.Hauschka Volume Mascara, which I`m really
loving, because it has a nice thickening and
lengthening effect. The mascara isn`t waterproof
though. Finally apply a lipstick to your lips.
Apply gloss to the center of your lips to
make them look fuller. And this is the final
look. I hope you enjoyed the video and don`t
forget to subscribe and give this video a
thumbs up.